hi I'm Chris these are Blendtec Willa
blenders and I'm gonna hit them with a
car
you
[Music]
I'm Chris and I'd hit that
welcome to hit it with a car internet
meme edition I'm here with the Blendtec
Willet blenders and Nick who's going to
be judging how well I hit these also
with us is internet celebrity Robert Ben
fer who I guess is going to be guest
directing this episode here
cut when you say Robert Ben for sound
like you're excited like more excitement
action so am i starting over saying yeah
I do the whole thing over I'm Chris and
I'd hate start on me action I'm Chris
and I'd hit that
welcome to hit it with a car internet
meme edition we got the blood start from
over there
you take a few steps back as you take a
few steps back now when I say action
walk up to the Blendtec's
and go oh isn't that a will it blend
blender and it goes yeah and then you're
gonna improv the rest of it but that's
it's obvious of what it is it's obvious
I think it's obvious from the vag shirt
oh hey look at that
we have Blendtec we'll the blenders is
this honestly gonna keep you here yeah I
mean is this is this making you happy
are you happy are you satisfied with
this one episode this is what you want
one episode we're done yeah just won't
bother me ever you won't threaten to
walk off ever again one episode
I won't you won't you know eyes are
talking into the entire time go ahead
and circle around them when this car
Kareem's through here what do you feel
is going to is going to be the the main
extravagant event here no no you know oh
no I think there's a bomb in here these
things are used to blending up basically
anything kind of model with then we've
seen a Blendtec like this one so just as
Blendtec it's a slim version yeah well
you know whatever is we want to want to
blend something small I don't know but
but we're gonna turn the table no no let
me look at the camera say I'm sorry but
this is the end
Nick we got our Blendtec blenders look
at the camera sing up I'm so sorry but
this is the end not gonna save it okay
go ahead
I know whatever I'm the director Nick
we're gonna turn the tables on these
Blendtec blenders they're used to
blending up things we're about to blend
up these blenders we're bringing the
Internet we're bringing the memes
together okay we're doing this for
America turns out you're a double agent
see I'm limits I would I'm the I'm on
the other side I'm with the bad guys in
the punch in the face
perfect okay action now you didn't say
your line first - how was that you got -
telling you a double agent first what
the hell is this tell him like this was
the whole thing was a trick or after out
of that I'm a double agent I'm gonna
punch you let's hit this with a car you
didn't hit him you walk away too fast
you didn't really get really tired on my
face
[Music]
safety first let's hit it
okay you look at the camera say I got a
bad feeling about this I got a bad
feeling about this
me too cut
you pull that off somebody's law nope
this official directors to happen to
they get go run over or something well
you get also that's so you can put it up
on the one when you're done directing
all day
[Music]
neck neck can you see that do you see a
Robert writer do you see that
I'm good
[Music]
oh yeah when we okay get back in the car
okay we start with a shut your you film
on here Kris crawls out from under and
he's like I hit myself okay it's like
completely out of rather like the
continuity oh that is just ridiculous
because it it's obviously just hair
honey because it's like why did that
happen it's honest when I just hit
people like it when random things happen
it's random humor so this is science
there's nothing random about hitting
stuff of the car this is not randomness
it's I I think I think if you should put
be a cool idea if you put a camera well
it says it all right there's already
it's already a camera here okay here's
what I'm thinking I think you're too
happy about the fact that you people he
put something because when you see that
you're about to hit something go and
then you yeah oh no was that a person
and then you get out say what did I just
hit you run over here no no no no no
this park is going to be in black and
white and the only thing that's going to
be in color is this a your jacket edit
in right here go ahead and edit in it's
the car going in reverse and a didn't
like music like that that the that and
then cut over with a bullshit Christmas
every shot
so pom is your you gotta learn how to
see and that's how you hit it with a bar
you really hit the car with that shut up
Nick Swift said
you said that that's a wrap that's in
the can directed by Robert Binford
you